# Good-DevOps-Links
Helpful links surrounding common devops issues and scenarios

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copying files between local PC and Ubuntu EC2:
https://github.com/juanfrans/notes/wiki/Copying-Files-Between-Local-Computer-and-Instance-(AWS)

How to encrypt an unencrypted Amazon RDS DB instance for MySQL or MariaDB with minimal downtime?
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/rds-encrypt-instance-mysql-mariadb/

How To Serve Django Applications with uWSGI and Nginx on Ubuntu 16.04
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-serve-django-applications-with-uwsgi-and-nginx-on-ubuntu-16-04

Kuberentes Ingress Nginx Repo
https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx

Studying the Kubernetes Ingress system
https://www.joyfulbikeshedding.com/blog/2018-03-26-studying-the-kubernetes-ingress-system.html

How To Install WordPress With Docker Compose
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-wordpress-with-docker-compose

How to auto-scale ec2 instances with an encrypted root volume
https://serverfault.com/questions/1000686/how-to-auto-scale-ec2-instances-with-an-encrypted-root-volume

NGINX Config creator and validator
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tools/nginx?domains.0.php.php=false

5 Simple Steps to Migrate Let's Encrypt Certificates (certbot) to a New Server
https://ivanderevianko.com/2019/03/migrate-letsencrypt-certificates-certbot-to-new-server

AWS CodePipeline & Slack integration
https://medium.com/@krishnakuntala/aws-codepipeline-slack-integration-41dfaff2414e

How to send AWS CloudWatch Alarms to Slack
https://medium.com/pixelpoint/how-to-send-aws-cloudwatch-alarms-to-slack-502bcf106047

Atlassian DevOps Overview
https://www.atlassian.com/blog/devops/new-collaboration-features?utm_source=june-bb-newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=devops-mega-launch_EML-6575&jobid=104685259&subid=1511349921
How to Impose High CPU Load and Stress Test on Linux Using ‘Stress-ng’ Tool
https://www.tecmint.com/linux-cpu-load-stress-test-with-stress-ng-tool/

How to dynamically bind elastic ip address with auto scaling group
https://binx.io/blog/2019/09/02/how-to-dynamically-bind-elastic-ip-addresses-to-an-auto-scaling-group/

Installing OpenSSL on Ubuntu 16.04/18.04
https://cloudwafer.com/blog/installing-openssl-on-ubuntu-16-04-18-04/

What does the Resolver param in nginx do?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40330704/what-does-the-resolver-param-in-nginx-do

How to Build Your Docker Images in AWS with Ease
https://dev.to/kylegalbraith/how-to-build-your-docker-images-in-aws-with-ease-3174

How To Install WordPress with LAMP on Ubuntu 18.04
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-wordpress-with-lamp-on-ubuntu-18-04

Using Solr search engine with Sunspot gem in Rails app
https://gist.github.com/maxivak/e1211b67d33add72a4c4

How to install Ruby on Rails on Ubuntu 20.4
https://gorails.com/setup/ubuntu/20.04

Deploy Ruby on Rails on Ubuntu 18.04
https://gorails.com/deploy/ubuntu/18.04

Deploying Ruby on Rails application updates with Phusion Passenger
https://www.phusionpassenger.com/library/walkthroughs/deploy/ruby/ownserver/nginx/oss/deploy_updates.html

Backup Of MySQL Database To Amazon S3 Using BASH Script
https://medium.com/linux-point/backup-of-mysql-database-to-amazon-s3-using-bash-script-is-not-rocket-science-learn-them-now-c0d377b7a525

How to Enable SVG Gzip Compression on Apache and NGINX
https://blog.idrsolutions.com/2019/05/svg-gzip-compression/

Create CI/CD with Github Actions + AWS EC2, CodeDeploy and S3
https://medium.com/codemonday/github-actions-for-ci-cd-with-ec2-codedeploy-and-s3-e93e75bf1ce0

Build and deploy static 11ty website with GitHub Actions
https://dev.to/koddr/automate-that-a-practical-guide-to-github-actions-build-deploy-a-static-11ty-website-to-remote-virtual-server-after-push-d19

Setting up CI/CD pipeline with GitHub Actions
https://dev.to/chathula/how-to-set-up-a-ci-cd-pipeline-for-a-node-js-app-with-github-actions-32h0

How to install Brotli module for nginx on ubuntu 20.04
https://dev.to/koddr/how-to-install-brotli-module-for-nginx-on-ubuntu-20-04-2ocp

Storing Git credentials in cli
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35942754/how-can-i-save-username-and-password-in-git

Displaying Jenkins HTML and CSS reports
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35783964/jenkins-html-publisher-plugin-no-css-is-displayed-when-report-is-viewed-in-j#:~:text=If%20you%20see%20the%20output,will%20have%20the%20CSS%20enabled.&text=This%20will%20work%20even%20after%20restarting%20jenkins'%20server.

Setting up FTP server on Ubuntu 18.04
https://jayden-chua.medium.com/setting-up-an-ftp-server-on-ubuntu-18-04-on-aws-79bd55ab32bb

Help with Wordpress permissions in Ubuntu
https://wordpress.org/support/topic/help-with-wordpress-permissions-on-ubuntu/

Php-fpm cannot connect to upstream NGINX error 
https://serverfault.com/questions/317393/connect-failed-111-connection-refused-while-connecting-to-upstream

ReactJS CD with AWS Codepipeline
https://medium.com/@jeffreyrussom/react-continuous-deployments-with-aws-codepipeline-f5034129ff0e

How to create Linux SWAP file
https://www.tecmint.com/create-a-linux-swap-file/

Installing pgadmin 4 on ubuntu
https://computingforgeeks.com/how-to-install-pgadmin-4-on-ubuntu/

Bash script cheat sheet
https://devhints.io/bash


How to get PID from lsof
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33615683/how-to-access-the-pid-from-an-lsof

How to change output color of echo in bash
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5947742/how-to-change-the-output-color-of-echo-in-linux

GitHub Actions Manual Triggers
https://github.blog/changelog/2020-07-06-github-actions-manual-triggers-with-workflow_dispatch/

Nginx with Let’s Encrypt in Docker
https://pentacent.medium.com/nginx-and-lets-encrypt-with-docker-in-less-than-5-minutes-b4b8a60d3a71

Setting up password for Elasticsearch users
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59644348/how-to-setup-password-for-elasticsearch-users

Awesome e-commerce GitHub Repos
https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#e-commerce

Linux usage dashboard
https://github.com/afaqurk/linux-dash

Ezserver monitoring dashboard
https://www.ezservermonitor.com/

Saelor e-commerce setup
https://docs.saleor.io/docs/2.11/developer/installation

Saleor storing static and media files to S3
https://docs.saleor.io/docs/2.11/developer/running-saleor/s3

Airbyte setup guide
https://docs.airbyte.io/operator-guides

Overriding docker compose compose run time value
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36488209/how-to-override-the-default-value-of-compose-http-timeout-with-docker-compose-co

Airbyte GitHub
https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/tree/42686add8af252f92d105e733bade06937801977

Tagging ElasticIP’s with cloudformation
https://binx.io/blog/2019/08/15/how-to-tag-elastic-ip-addresses-using-cloudformation
How to install Ruby on Rails with RVM on Ubuntu 20.04
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-ruby-on-rails-with-rvm-on-ubuntu-18-04

GoDaddy automated domain verification
https://github.com/artberri/daddy

Zip files on S3 using Lambda
https://dev.to/lineup-ninja/zip-files-on-s3-with-aws-lambda-and-node-1nm1

Impossible to create Network Endpoint Groups for Cloud Functions
https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/187890152?pli=1

Ultimate Terraform Cheatsheet
https://acloudguru.com/blog/engineering/the-ultimate-terraform-cheatsheet

Scaling Docker on AWS
https://nickjanetakis.com/courses/scaling-docker-on-aws?utm_source=nj&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=/courses/

Apache webserver Dockerfile
https://github.com/mboyov/apache2-php7.2/blob/master/dockerfile

Mark Van Holstejin Blogs on Cloud Tricks
https://binx.io/blog/author/mark-van-holsteijn/

Deploying to ECS
https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/deploying-to-amazon-elastic-container-service

Caching dependencies to speed up workflow
https://docs.github.com/en/actions/advanced-guides/caching-dependencies-to-speed-up-workflows

UsinG ECS Exec for debugging
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs-exec.html

Scaling GitHub Action runners
https://040code.github.io/2020/05/25/scaling-selfhosted-action-runners

Avoid downtime during scale-in scale-down events
https://medium.com/aubergine-solutions/avoid-downtime-during-the-auto-scaling-scale-out-event-546988c64256


Cluster level logging in Kubernetes using FluentD
https://medium.com/kubernetes-tutorials/cluster-level-logging-in-kubernetes-with-fluentd-e59aa2b6093a

FluentD DaemonSet GitHub Repo
https://github.com/fluent/fluentd-kubernetes-daemonset

Github self hosted runners using Terraform
https://github.com/philips-labs/terraform-aws-github-runner

CDK github action runners
https://github.com/nikovirtala/cdk-github-actions-runner

GitHub Actions self hosted runners on Kubernetes
https://medium.com/geekculture/github-actions-self-hosted-runner-on-kubernetes-55d077520a31

